[DLK-2003] Update doc for the correct way to get braze aws account id (#7983)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/cloud_ingestion/file_storage_integrations.md

1. Within the same IAM section of the console where you created the IAM policy, go to **Roles** > **Create Role**. <br><br>![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/create_role_1_list.png)<br><br>

> 2. Copy the Braze AWS account ID from the Create new import sync modal. Go to **Cloud Data Ingestion**, click **Create New Data Sync** and select **S3 Import**. <br><br>![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/cloud_ingestion/s3_copy_braze_account_id.png)<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the Braze AWS account ID from your Braze dashboard. Go to **Cloud Data Ingestion**, click **Create New Data Sync** and select **S3 Import**. <br><br>![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/cloud_ingestion/s3_copy_braze_account_id.png)<br><br>
```
